refactor: move structure to a monorepo with multiple packages (#381)
cognitedata/cognitesdk-js: README.md

</a>

Cognite Javascript SDK
======================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cognitedata/cognite-sdk-js.svg?branch=v1)](https://travis-ci.org/cognitedata/cognite-sdk-js)

> [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cognitadata/cognite-sdk-js/branch/v1/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cognitedata/cognite-sdk-js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cognitedata/cognite-sdk-js/branch/v1/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cognitedata/cognite-sdk-js)
```

The Cognite js library provides convenient access to the [Cognite API](https://doc.cognitedata.com/dev/) from
applications written in client- or server-side JavaScript.

## Getting Started

This repository contains several packages for different API versions.
To get started with the stable API, see the README [here](./packages/stable/README.md).

There is also a [beta API](./packages/beta/README.md).

## Samples

Samples are in the [samples/](./samples) directory. The samples' [README.md](./samples/README.md) has instructions for running the samples.

## License

[Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

## Development

The sdk is implemented as a package in a monorepo, together with core logic, beta versions and samples.
See [monorepo.md](./guides/monorepo.md) for details.

### Testing

> There is one integration test that requires an api key. In order to run this, you need an api key for the `cognitesdk-js` tenant. Talk to any of the contributors or leave an issue and it'll get sorted. Travis will run the test and has its own api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains some integration tests that require a CDF api key for `cognitesdk-js` tenant. Talk to any of the contributors or leave an issue and it'll get sorted. Travis will run the test and has its own api key.
```

Set the environment variable `COGNITE_PROJECT` to `cognitesdk-js` and `COGNITE_CREDENTIALS` to your api-key.

Run all tests:

```bash
$ yarn

> $ yarn build

Reviewer: could you please remove dollar sign for all commands in `*.md` files?
some people don't know that you shouldn't copy it
(i know it's not your code, but we are touching it anyway)

$ yarn test
```

Set the environment variable `REVISION_3D_INTEGRATION_TEST=true` to run 3D revision integration tests.

We use `jest` to run tests, see [their documentation](https://github.com/facebook/jest) for more information.

### Versioning

The library follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
Package versions are updated automatically and individually based on commit messages.

### Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Release

> Our releases are fully [automated](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release).

Reviewer: this is not true anymore

Author: I changed it to a link to lerna version

6. Create a new pull request
7. A new version will be published when the PR is merged

### CHANGELOG

Each package in the monorepo has its own changelog.
- [@cognite/sdk](./packages/stable/CHANGELOG.md)
- [@cognite/sdk-beta](./packages/beta/CHANGELOG.md)
- [@cognite/sdk-core](./packages/core/CHANGELOG.md)

> You can find the changelog from before the monorepo [here](./CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: can we
copy everything from current changelog to `./packages/stable/CHANGELOG.md`
and then just reference it in a root log?

Author: I think the stable changelog is completely generated by lerna every time, so I'm not sure how easy it is to include previous changes. Will look into it

Reviewer: I pretty much doubt they generate it from scratch, at least that's not how `semantic-release` used to work

Author: I put the old changelog in stable. Will see what lerna does once we merge this.
